Remove references to project config UI (#507)
livingdocsIO/documentation: content/guides/editor/author-management/index.md

weight: 1
---

Livingdocs provides the ability to manage authors as structured data within their own content-types. Those can be linked as document references in articles in order to assign an author to a document.

## Configuration

> The author management can be completely setup using the Project Setup.

Reviewer: You could add a link to the project setup video

### Author content type

> If you don't have an author content-type yet, create one in the via the CLI as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have an author content-type yet, create one on the server via the CLI as follows:
```
